:Featuring:
L: Lisa
S: Saylor

[[2038]]

S: Hey! It doesn’t look fair, we need to address the huge problem here. The huge Lisa in the room.
L: Uh. This is wrong. I have a perfect body--  Wait a minute. Did I get fat? Am I fattening? No-no-no-no, it can’t be. This shell is so young. I’m positive that the artificial metabolism has been perfected. I can eat the whole pastry shop in one go unlike you, and I’d enjoy everything.
S: I’m not about that. Shut up.
L: Oops, sorry.
S: You know that every time we go through serious troubles that could cost us our lives just to move from one time period to another. Yet you manage to do it so easily, smoothly and effortlessly, even with the rough machinery like this - and the worst of all, you’re not telling a single thing about how it actually works! You leave us figuring everything out completely on our own! So why don’t you tell us? We could be so much efficient with this knowledge! You refuse to tell us deliberately. You’re hiding a valuable secret. Why?
L: I’m only following orders.
S: Orders? Whose orders?
L: Yours. From your future. I told you, I’m completely at your service. If it’s right to put this way, you told me not to tell you. You mustn’t know yet. But when the time comes, you’ll realize the deal we have to get through. I won’t be the one who pushes it too early. It should occur naturally.
S: How would I know? And, how would I know you’re not lying? About my orders. How can I know that you’re not working for someone else to put us in danger? How can I know that you’re not a clever Darkrock’s puppet?
L: Oh… Spicy questions, darling. I would say, sharp as the edge of the razor blade. So edgy. Thankfully, it’s not death by a thousand cuts yet.
S: It may become one day if you keep your secrecy like that! Tone it down!
L: I can’t. I’m not allowed to. Not enough permissions. I’m very sorry for your inconvenience.
S: No. You can’t keep doing that. And this is me telling you. This is my order.
L: Override, my dear. We haven’t reached a point where everything unfolds. But, if it’s comforting in any sense, why would I serve someone else if it’s not you? You know all the things I helped you with.
S: Why me?! I’m just @s! I have nothing special.
L: I need your help. More than anything. And considering to what extent I’m ready to help you, I need the really big favor to be returned.
S: What do you want?
L: To weaken the influence of Darkrock on my existence, which I wish to have independent. And you have the most chances. You’re the lucky one. I like to be on the winning side. And given that you're the one Darkrock sees as an adversary, it seems he doesn't overestimate your value.
S: Darkrock's putting you in danger?
L: Story for another day. Quite a long one. But, let’s say, I did something he considers the biggest betrayal. He wants to eliminate me. I have too significant strategic value for his enemies.
S: So you’ve been serving him.
L: Long story. It was a long time ago. So long time. I’ve found ways to move on and make my own decisions, but that bald cut doesn’t leave me in peace. He seeks revenge. Well, will you help me?
[[TBA]]
S: I still have no idea who the bloody hell you are and what to make of you.
[[TBA]]
S (cont): But I hate to realize I may have a hope. Something makes me trust you. It feels blind. Heck, your presence makes a mess out of me. Should I even give you a chance?…
L: It’s not for me to tell you, isn’t it?
S: Yeah, it would be wrong… I think, we could figure out along the way. Don’t you think?
L: No time to waste. Surely you realize that.
S: How ironic… Yeah, let’s go.