:Featuring:
J: James
M: Marie
R: Rick
S: Saylor
T: Toni

S: Uh, guys. We’re soooooooo back.
J: Blazes.
M: Holy shenanigans.
R: Oh, this is how you begin to feel human.
J: But this is not supposed to be possible!
S: Time machine shouldn’t have been able to pull this off.
R: Weirdly, it was the smoothest traveling we had so far.
S: And yet, here we are.
M: Dinosaurs… I hate them…
T: I love them! (to @s) Wanna stay here? To understand how future feels?
S: (unimpressed) Very funny. Might as well build xylophone out of bones, I guess. I could invent music. Imagine prehistoric new-school artists. I could have the first label in history.
J: Edison Records far ahead of time, huh?
S: Man, I missed the chance to meet Edison… I would be the one to prove to him that Tesla deserved much better treatment.
J: You’re quite an iron lady, it seems.
S: Don’t say that.
R: Why would sleepwalkers ever be here?
S: To change the course of history, of course.
R: For that, they should have Jurassic Stark. But even that won’t be enough. Bring the Death Star, to make it stellar. Or should I say, Death Rock? The Rock? Dark dude might roll with it.
S: You’re making a grave mistake underestimating them. We went the long way to learn that they’re ready for everything. I won’t be surprised if Darkrock actually manages to throw something artificial to Earth, like cubed scrap metal, some compressed Decepticons, to wipe out the whole planet. Might be his casual hobby, tossing space junk around and organizing Jupiter.
T: Too good to be true. Archaeologists would be extremely confused.
S: You never know how humans discovered metal.
J: Somewhere around 9,000 BC, actually. They discovered copper. However, after your adventures, what do I know. Your time-traveling robots may raise the master race even much earlier. Actual super-humans.
R: Our existence would cease making sense in this case.
M: Hey, you guys are making fun of Jupiter, while you have to look up.

T: No way…
S: But… Uh, well, I don’t know much about this period, but that is not supposed to happen.
R: Jupiter can’t be that close to Earth.
J: Unless you’re missing something hidden in plain sight.