:Characters
G: Game
H: Hairdresser
J: Jenesis
S: Saylor
Se: Servant

# Draft 7 - Pies in Space

[[May 24-25, 2026]]

Marginal note\: the presentation of the game will be a mix. It will mainly consist of motion-comic-style cutscenes. However, there may also be dialogue during gameplay. As mentioned in the project synopsis, the genres are blended: even though tower defense is the primary focus, there are also side-scrolling RPG sections.

Absolutely every cutscene can be skipped. The only exception is when @J herself is present. Noticing that the player wants to skip a cutscene, @J might, for example, interrupt the conversation:

J: Saylor, pardon, darling, we have another problem here... (direct eye contact with the camera) Someone doesn't want to listen to us.
S: Ha. I'm not surprised. I don't know who would even want to listen to you. Wait, who are you talking about? There's no one else here.
J: We're having such a nice time here, and someone wants to interrupt us. That's kind of... tactless, don't you think, dear?
S: (half-whisper) Who are you talking to?
J: Don't worry about it. We have observers.
S: I didn't plan to appear in the reality show somehow, to be honest...
J: (right into the camera) When lady talks, one is supposed to listen. You may miss something very important. (raises a cup of tea) To your understanding.
S: Jen. Who else is here besides us?
J: I'm telling you. Stop the fuss. Have some orange. It would lighten your burden.

That was an example of skipping a cutscene with @J's presence. Now, to the story itself.

@S enters the main hall of the palace. There's no one in sight.

S: (at the top of her lungs) Jen?? Where are you? We had an agreement!! Or are you ready to admit defeat when it comes to your punctuality?

@S walks over to the dining table and simply turns the cups.

S: If you won't show up, I'll drink all the tea without batting an eye! And I'll steal all the fruits and cakes, too. You could probably stand to go on a diet. And so could your ego. But start with your figure. Just a heads-up: I know exactly where you're hiding all that stuff! (louder) Even bubblegum pie!!!

Someone is calling @S on her smartwatch. This is @J's @Se. @S answers.

S: Hello?
Se: Saylor, good day. Miss Jenesis asked me to let you know that she's in the room one floor up. She would like you to come up right away.
S: An enticing offer. Well, then. The fly is heading straight for the spider.
Se: Don't dramatize.
S: My apologies. The vibe just kind of happens at the drama queen's place. I'm on my way.
Se: Miss Jenesis awaits you.

The call ends. @S heads toward the spiral staircase to go upstairs. The staircase is located in the center of the hall and looks like a vortex\: narrow at the bottom, widening with every step up to the next floor.

As soon as she reaches the upper floor, she sees a number of open doors. She looks behind one door, then another, then a third--everywhere is empty, and there's no one there. She goes around 40 doors like that.

@S reaches the only door that's closed. She knocks. The door opens. @S sees @J sitting in front of the door while a @H dyes her hair.

J: Saylor. You're too early. That's not like you.
S: It's not up to you to judge who I'm like and who I'm not. But, from what I can see... and smell... (coughs) ...you've got a makeover going on here. Jenesis is painting over the remnants of Saylor.
J: You've got nothing to do with this. I can stand on my own two feet.
S: I can see that. Although, not a single conversation with you goes by without "we have a lot in common."
J: You can't rewrite the facts.
S: Just like you can't repaint them.
J: I suppose today's tea party will run late. I didn't expect you to be in such a hurry.
S: It's nice to hear that there's at least one thing you don't control. Alright. I guess I won't distract you from this important procedure.
J: Thanks for understanding.
S: I know how important this procedure is to you. It just makes the confrontation itself all the more delicious. I'll be in the game room for now.
J: You can stay a while. The new hairstyle will take some time, too. And picking out a new dress. And... (turning to the @H) the heel's a quarter of an inch shorter, I suppose?

@H silently nods.

S: Okay, Barbie. Or... Saylor doll?

@S leaves.

J: (to @H) No, I need a higher heel. And more blue.
H: How much more, ma'am?
J: Just enough to match her denim dress, please.
H: You said you wanted to stand out, not blend in.
J: I know exactly what I'm doing, thank you. Understand the significance of this process--it's a tribute to the guest who brought me into this world. If anyone is more valuable than me, it's her.

The scene cuts to @S, who is intently hacking away at something on PlayStation 7.

S: The procedural generation on this level... It's going to turn me into Jenesis too early.
G: Focus. A bigger wave of enemies is on its way.
S: Yeah, great! Just stellar! I don't know from which corner of the universe Jenesis dug up this romhack. (speaking louder into the controller) But I never would've thought I'd literally be talking to the game!
G: I can hear you.
S: Everyone can hear me. Barely anyone listens.

A smooth transition to two hours later. @S has simply fallen asleep on the couch with the gamepad still hanging from her hand. Someone is knocking on the door.

S: (sleepily, without opening her eyes and barely moving) This soul has left the chat... Please call back later...

The door opens.

J: (from behind the door, whispering) Saylor?
S: (slowly waking up) Did I miss something?
J: No, but you will if you keep lying here like a melted wax figure. Get up. There's only one thing missing in the main hall.
S: What exactly? Can I help with anything?
J: You are missing. The game is over. I'm waiting.

@J leaves. The fading click of heels can be heard down the hallway.

S: (to herself, looking at the controller in her hand) I didn't even get started.

Scene change. @S exits the game room and rushes down the hallway. @J walks toward her, stops her, and turns her around.

J: Stop, change of plans, we're heading to the kitchen.
S: What?
J: Move it. It's important.

Now in the kitchen. @J ties an apron over her dress.

S: Seriously?
J: I can do without it. I'm so careful that I've never gotten a single stain on my outfits.
S: I would never do that.
J: Because your dress is basically a garage apron. It would survive spilled paint or superglue, and it would be fine.
S: I'll take that as a compliment.
J: So, you were threatening to steal the bubblegum pie, weren't you?
S: Well, it happened. So?
J: We'll bake it. No, we'll bake ten of them. Just to be safe. You'll load them into your time machine and stop thinking about raiding my fridges.
S: What kind of sudden act of kindness is this?
J: Do I look like a villain?
S: We-e-e-ell, ahem, a planetary threat?
J: Oh forget it. The planet is just a pie. I'll bake a new one if I have to. Come on, help me with the ingredients.
S: You forgot one thing that doesn't add up.
J: What is that?
S: Saylor doesn't bake pies.
J: And?
S: Saylor eats them.
J: Honey, let me remind you. We're on an asteroid. There are no delivery services or restaurants here. Just a big warehouse full of ingredients deep in the basement, which gets restocked regularly. If you want to eat a pie, you'll have to make it yourself. So don't act all high and mighty.
S: All right, all right. Can you make a list?
J: A list of what?
S: The ingredients I need to pick up at your warehouse.
J: Saylor, come on.

@J walks over to a special door in the kitchen and throws it wide open. Behind it is a small pantry.

J: There are enough ingredients in here to make at least 50 pies.
S: Well then, bubblegum chef. (raises the paddle like a sword) Let's cook.

An hour later, in the palace's main hall. At the dining table. Half of the large pie is already gone. The pie itself turned out somewhat misshapen, lopsided, and even ridiculous. However, that doesn't stop @S from devouring it with great relish. @J, on the other hand, stirs her spoon in her slice of pie with a touch of restraint. @S notices that.

S: (with her mouth full) If you're not going to eat it, I'll take it.
J: No, no. I'm just... contemplating.
S: What?
J: You still have a lot to learn. About shape, consistency, design, proportion--
S: --Oh, come on! Aesthetics! Who cares about that?
J: I do. It's a manifestation of what I am.
S: Your taste buds won't say thank you for a good look. You gotta take a spoonful of that. Well?
J: Right. I'll do it for you.
S: Stellar. Do it. Look, I took a spoonful too. Wanna do it in sync?
J: One.
S: Two.
JENESIS & SAYLOR: Three.

Both @S and @J take a spoonful of pie. @J chews thoughtfully, pauses for a moment and silently gives it a thumbs-up.

J: (without opening her mouth) Mm-hm.

@S notices this and nods enthusiastically in response.

S: (also without opening her mouth) Mm-hm!!
J: No, well, it's good.
S: That's what I'm saying!
J: But that's only because of the taste.
S: Oh don't be a downer. It's a decent, exquisitely delicious pie. I love it.
J: Not exquisite--
S: (covers @J's mouth with her finger) --Shush. (whispering) Don't spoil the moment.

Silence, @J just keeps eating. In about 10 seconds, with a quick, precise movement, @S yanks a strand of hair from @J's head.

J: Hey! That's my hair!
S: Debatable. That could be *my* hair.
J: Which you took from *my* head.
S: Which could also be *my* head, with my brain you somehow twisted. Poor brain. But I don't need your head. I need to know if you really are me. DNA analysis.
J: And you think *that* would help you figure out?
S: No, but at least you'll have one more reason to pull the "we have a lot in common" card. Or... something for me to blackmail you?
J: Blackmail? Me? Ha!
S: You better don't underestimate me, older wannabe-me.
J: You have nothing, girl. You can't even have anything.
S: Let me think for a hot second... If I find a way to get myself into trouble--
J: --Don't you dare.
S: Ha, that was easy.
J: You don't understand what you're about to mess with.
S: Scared? Seems like I've touched your pulse. Shared heartbeat, isn't it? So fragile.
J: Don't tell me you poisoned the pie.
S: Do I look like a villain?
J: You're a person who values your own life enough.
S: And still, remember, I have fingers on a red button. If you wanna argue with me, you'll argue with yourself. I see you're worried. You just gave me a massive ammo. Do your math carefully now.
J: So you wanna play *this* game, then.

@S is silent, trying to keep it cool.

J: I remembered. You take your win this round. I'll allow it. (leaning in) But don't think it'll be sweet next time. Same tricks don't work twice, honey.